

Happy Guest
By: Shaun Knowles
My wife, my son and I stayed for a week in September 2013 at this cottage and absouletly loved it! This is a new cottage/house and is unlike many other places we have rented in Sauble Beach, it is truly fantastic.This is a luxury cottage with stainless steel appliances a dishwasher and spa like bathrooms! Everything was perfect and dealing with Mitch and Leah is very pleasant. We fished and kayaked from the private dock and it is a very short walk or drive to the beach and downtown. We went and played in the waterfalls and enjoyed the awesome sunsets on the beach. We will be back for sure!

Very Happy!
By: Tim Bararo
I just stayed at the "Treehouse" and we had a wonderful time. The cottage is very clean and cozy and is close to the beach and river. We stayed last year and Mitch and Leah have made us welcome again. Thanks and we look forward to next year! July 11 2012

Amazing!
By: Zelia Inaccio
Thanks so much for letting us stay at your wonderful cottage. We hope to be back soon! July 16th 2011.

Happy Family
By: Pam Wood
The cottage was great!! It was very clean and comfortable with a nice open living space. We walked to both the beach and river. Very relaxing stay, even with a 4 month old" Thanks again we really enjoyed our stay. Pam, Clay and Rhyder

Manager of Festivals and Events Sauble Beach
By: Shane Sargant
I strongly suggest staying at this cottage.The cottage has shady and sunny areas, close to all the festival and events. Lots to do around the river. Clean cottage with great rates. Your going to love your vacation in Sauble Beach.

Great Experience!
By: Kristine Scudder
Stayed at Treehouse with my family and enjoyed our stay. Close to the river, we rented jet skiis and kayaks. We rode our bikes to the beach in two minutes and had lovely campfires everynight. Clean and bright a well priced vacation. Mitch and Leah are nice people and we look forward to returning.

Amazing Place
By: Testing123
This is an amazing place to go to! :)


